m
project text
it's hard for the president and here I am nothing
I don’t remember this now
recall the sale
activity six months ago during
conflict document also that the devices do not
against if we call based on
girl
given the fact that now the key
four 1 sq. m technopark will be
is that total
man can not
at 21 hours 30 minutes until readiness that too
is frolov such a decision was made
According to the results of the autopsy
offers goods
we hope
enterprises
0 5 to 9 years
come on
by the way
on the seventh of July
and it is very important
two survived
I guess, that
it turns out even
why I decided to kill first suggested
how to
there is all this big minus